\section{Research Objectives}

This study aims to conduct sentiment analysis on tweets related to a football team, with four research objectives to achieve this goal. The objectives of this study are as follows:

\begin{enumerate}
    \item To evaluate the performance of different sentiment analysis models on Twitter football data and identify the best model based on accuracy, precision, recall, F1-score, and other evaluation metrics.
    \item To analyze the sentiment of tweets related to football matches and determine if there is a relationship between the sentiment of tweets and changes in the league table.
    \item To analyze the sentiment of tweets related to football matches and determine if there is a relationship between the sentiment of tweets and match results.
    \item To demonstrate whether Twitter can still provide adequate amounts of tweets for teams who have a smaller fan base that can be enough to conduct a sentiment analysis study.
\end{enumerate}

By accomplishing these objectives, this study aims to advance sentiment analysis in the field of sports, providing a comparative analysis of different approaches and exploring their potential applications in predicting football outcomes. %=289 words

\section{Significance of the Study}

The significance of this study lies in its contribution to the field of sentiment analysis and its potential impact on football teams, fans, and analysts. By comparing three different approaches to sentiment analysis on a data set of tweets related to a football team, this study will identify the most accurate approach for predicting the sentiment of the tweets. Furthermore, its findings will have broader implications for the field of sentiment analysis. By identifying the most accurate approach to sentiment analysis, this study can inform future research in this area and help to improve the accuracy of sentiment analysis models in general. 

In addition to the mentioned contributions, this study has the potential to offer valuable insights to bettors and betting companies. By identifying the best model for Twitter football sentiment analysis and analyzing the relationship between sentiment and changes in the league table and match results, this study can enhance our understanding of how social media data can be used to predict performance and inform decision-making. Ultimately, this study's findings hold significant implications for both the field of sentiment analysis and the betting industry, underscoring its relevance and importance. %=479 words