\subsection{Results Interpretation}

In the context of Logistic Regression, odds, probabilities and intercepts are crucial components that helps us understand the relationship between the predictor variables and the response variables. 

\subsubsection{Intercept Odds and Probabilities}

The intercept in a logistic regression model is the constant term representing the log-odds of an outcome when predictors are set to zero. It serves as the baseline from which we measure the impact of predictors on the response variable. The intercept represents the log-odds of a match loss (or win) when sentiment analysis is zero.

The intercept odds are the exponentiation of the intercept, converting log-odds back to odds. Odds express the likelihood of an event occurring compared to not occurring. The intercept odds provide the baseline odds of a match loss (or win) when sentiment is zero. It shows the ratio of the likelihood of a loss (or win) to not having a loss (or win) under the baseline condition.

On the other hand, the intercept probability is the probability of an outcome when predictors are set to zero. It represents the baseline probability in the absence of predictor influence. The intercept probability provides the baseline probability of a match loss (or win) when sentiment is zero. This helps understand the likelihood of a match loss (or win) without considering the effect of sentiment analysis percentages.

\subsubsection{Win/Loss Odds and Probabilities}

The Win/Loss Odds and Probabilities provides insights into how the likelihood of winning or losing a match is influences by the sentiment scores by analyzing the odds and probabilities derived from the logistical regression.

The odds of winning or losing a match serve as a measure of the change in the likelihood of a win or loss associated with a one-unit change in the predictor variable, namely the sentiment analysis percentage. These odds play a crucial role in comprehending the magnitude of the impact exerted by sentiment percentages on match outcomes. By examining the odds, we can gain insights into the extent to which variations in sentiment percentages influence the probability of winning or losing a match. This understanding aids in assessing the significance and effect size of sentiment analysis on match outcomes.

Furthermore, the  win or loss probability is the probability of a match loss (or win) for a specific value of the predictor variable (sentiment analysis percentage). This probability helps us understand how the likelihood of a match loss (or win) changes as the sentiment percentage varies.

\subsubsection{PPG Probability}

The Points Per Game (PPG) probability is crucial in our analysis. It determines the likelihood of a team achieving low, medium, or high PPG levels based on the positive sentiment percentage. A multinomial logistic regression model was used with positive sentiment percentage as the predictor and PPG levels (low, medium, high) as the response. 

The model calculates PPG probabilities by identifying the correlation between positive sentiment and PPG levels in the training data. It approximates log-odds for each PPG level, which are then transformed into probabilities using the logistic function. These resulting probabilities indicate the likelihood of attaining specific PPG levels given a positive sentiment percentage.
